[event-hubs] Update migration guide to follow template (#13003)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/migrationguide.md

# Guide to migrate from @azure/event-hubs v2 to v5

This guide is intended to assist in the migration from version 2 of the Event Hubs client library `@azure/event-hubs` and version 2 of the Event Processor Host library `@azure/event-processor-host` to version 5 of the `@azure/event-hubs` library.
It will focus on side-by-side comparisons for similar operations between the two packages.

Familiarity with the version 2 of the `@azure/event-hubs` and `@azure/event-processor-host` libraries are assumed.
For those new to the Event Hubs client library, please refer to the [README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/README.md).
and [Event Hubs samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/samples) for the `@azure/event-hubs` library rather than this guide.

## Table of contents

- [Migration benefits](#migration-benefits)

>   - [Cross Service SDK improvements](#cross-service-sdk-improvements)

Reviewer: In #12995 for SB, I added a `New features` section under `Migration benefits`. Can something like that help here?

Author: Added.

To try and improve the development experience across Azure services, including Event Hubs, a set of uniform [design guidelines](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/general_introduction.html) was created for all languages to drive a consistent experience with established API patterns for all services. A set of [TypeScript & JavaScript specific guidelines](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/typescript_introduction.html) was also introduced to ensure that these libraries have a natural and idiomatic feel. Further details are available in the guidelines for those interested.

### Cross Service SDK improvements

The new version of the Event Hubs library also shares some of the cross-service improvements made to the Azure development experience, such as:

- Using the new `@azure/identity` library to share a single authentication between clients.
- A unified diagnostics pipeline that offers a common view of the activities across each of the client libraries.

### New features

We have a variety of new features in version 5 of the Event Hubs library.

> - Ability to create a batch of messages with the `EventHubProducerClient.createBatch()` and `EventDataBatch.tryAdd()` APIs.

Reviewer: How about adding the backpressure point here? From what I recall that was one of the big benefits people have to move to Track 2.  We can add a link to the detailed section that comes later

Author: Sure! I was trying to limit how much I 'repeated' myself, but it is a pretty important callout.

i.e. the checkpoints made using the package `@azure/event-processor-host`.
In order to support interopability between different programming languages, a unifying checkpoint format was needed.
This and the need to support improvements to the algorithm used for managing partition ownership made breaking changes necessary.

### Sending events

| In v2                              | Equivalent in v5                               | Sample                                                                                                                           |
| ---------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `EventHubClient.sendBatch(events)` | `EventHubProducerClient.sendBatch(eventBatch)` | [sendEvents](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/samples/typescript/src/sendEvents.ts) |

Other noteworthy changes:

- The `send` method on the client is deprecated in favor of the `sendBatch` to encourage sending
  events in batches for better throughput.

> - The `sendBatch` method on the client takes a object of type `EventDataBatch` that should be created

Reviewer: Isnt there an overload that takes an array of events as well?

Author: I now mention this as well.

Important note on checkpoints: `EventHubConsumerClient` does not support legacy checkpoint data.
i.e. the checkpoints made using the package `@azure/event-processor-host`.
In order to support interopability between different programming languages, a unifying checkpoint format was needed.
This and the need to support improvements to the algorithm used for managing partition ownership made breaking changes necessary.

### Sending events

| In v2                              | Equivalent in v5                               | Sample                                                                                                                           |
| ---------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `EventHubClient.sendBatch(events)` | `EventHubProducerClient.sendBatch(eventBatch)` | [sendEvents](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/samples/typescript/src/sendEvents.ts) |

Other noteworthy changes:

> - The `send` method on the client is removed in favor of the `sendBatch` to encourage sending
>   events in batches for better throughput.
> - The `sendBatch` method on the client takes a object of type `EventDataBatch` that should be created
>   using the `createBatch` method on the client.
>   An array of events can be passed to `sendBatch` instead of an `EventDataBatch` similarly to the removed `send` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `send` method on the client that allowed sending single events in each call is removed
 in favor of the `sendBatch` to encourage sending events in batches for better throughput.
- The `sendBatch` method on the client has two overloads. One takes an array of events. The other takes an
 object of type `EventDataBatch` that should be created using the `createBatch` method on the client. This object represents the batch and can be safely filled until the maximum size allowed.
```

- [Receiving events with checkpointing](#migrating-code-from-eventprocessorhost-to-eventhubconsumerclient-for-receiving-events)
- [Sending events](#migrating-code-from-eventhubclient-to-eventhubproducerclient-for-sending-events)

> ### Migrating from `EventHubClient` to `EventHubConsumerClient` for receiving events

Reviewer: In the v2 code snippet here we show how to pass the event position, but not in the v5 code snippet

Author: Thank you, fixed.

See [`receiveEvents.ts`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/samples/typescript/src/receiveEvents.ts)
for a sample program demonstrating this.

> ### Migrating from `EventHubClient` to `EventHubProducerClient` for sending events

Reviewer: Here, it looks like creating a batch is the only option they have. Can we say that they can still send an array of events if they are sure that would fit in a batch and then if they want safe batching they can create a batch themselves? If doing so, add a note that the array option is only available from version 5.1.0 I think..

Author: Updated! (and it was version 5.2.0)

}
```

> ### Migrating from `EventProcessorHost` to `EventHubConsumerClient` for receiving events

Reviewer: What do you think of moving this under the `Sending events` section as an h4? Same for the "migration samples" for receiving?

Author: That seems reasonable, will do.
